We need to convert these into columns.
How do I do that?
So, I'm going to use here select expression.
I'm assuming you know the difference between select and select expression.
When you do select,
both expression and columns are column objects.
But when you do select expressions you can write the string here.
When you right the select you expect to use either the name of the column
or some functions that you get from pispark.sql.functions for instance.
Now, what we do is we say parsed which is
a column and then since this is an appropriate expression,
we can actually access the field called
host and also rename the column while we're at it.
We get now the hosts like that, okay?
Let's get the second one which is parsed date_time like
this and now here we forgot to rename,
but that's fine and my point was,
"Hey we're not going to sit here and write this one, right.
Maybe these are 10,
but maybe some sometimes you get lots of data."
So, what I would do instead is to get the list of columns and
the nice names that they want to have and I'm going to do list comprehensions.
This is the list of fields and I'm going to say,
for field in fields I'm going to construct this which is
actually the thing that I did here and this
is a place holder or the field name as something.
So, that becomes an expression.
This is the list of expressions as strings and here I'm
going to use a cool functions of Python.
I don't know if you had the encounter before which
is actually I say star EXPRS and what this does,
this looks like one argument,
but the star EXPRS is when you have a list here it
actually kinds of deflates all of
those and puts them like flattens this list and pass it as many arguments.
So, this is as if I called select expressions with
10 arguments like here look that would do it, okay?
DfClean and I am going to call this here.
Now, I got my columns That was very cool.
Now, I go and try to see the popular hosts.
I do dfClean group by host count order by this count.
I guess you know from the past exercise you can do this in SQL also, looks okay.
Those guys from prodigy.com are particularly interested in visiting NASA.
Then popular content.
I get the end points like the URL like this which was requested
most by count and that looks correct.